The Project Gutenberg eBook of Of Medicine in Eight Books, by Aulus
Cornelius Celsus

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Of Medicine in Eight Books

Author: Aulus Cornelius Celsus

Translator: James Greive

Release Date: January 03, 2021 [eBook #64207]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Thiers Halliwell, Turgut Dincer and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
             produced from images generously made available by The Internet
             Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK OF MEDICINE IN EIGHT BOOKS ***
Transcriber’s notes:

This e-book has an unusual structure, being a compilation of eight
smaller books accompanied by eight related sets of _numbered_
explanatory notes provided by the author. It also contains several
hundred footnotes scattered throughout the text (many being Greek
spellings of words in the text). These have been given _alphabetic_
labels and are now grouped together as endnotes.

Numerous asterisks are present in parts of the text; these represent
uncertain quantities, not footnotes. The text also contains archaic
characters that may not display correctly with all viewing devices or
fonts. For best viewing, the device’s character encoding should be set
to Unicode (UTF-8), and one of the following fonts selected: Arial
Unicode MS, DejaVu, Segoe UI Symbol or FreeSerif.

The text has been preserved as in the original, including inconsistent
punctuation, capitalisation and hyphenation. Archaic and
inconsistent spellings have been retained except where obviously
misspelled in the original. A list of these and other corrections has
been appended at the end.